yeah all right so this is great yeah
yeah thank you and so this is the ipfs
all homes today into the 30th of April
it's cyclical where I am up at least so
we have a note-taker we have sort of the
recording and if you have something that
you want to bring up don't forget it at
it in the agenda otherwise we will not
give you so the first thing we will do
is that Matt is gonna introduce us to
someone new
ok I'm happy to introduce everyone to
Mike Mike how do you pronounce your last
name
oh it's gelser Mike del Sur because
who's joined us as the product manager
for live p2p and you will see him doing
lots and lots and lots
so Mike maybe if you could introduce
yourself yeah sure
hello everyone it's nice to meet you all
right so basically I came to PL from
docker the container company and
basically what I did there was so I've
been doing open source product
management for a long time now
I at docker I was a product manager for
what we called docker core it means
something a little bit different from
the way PL uses that it just basically
referred to our open source it just all
sort of all of our open source and so
the main projects I worked on were the
clustering for the docker engine so
docker if you're not familiar it's a
it's a container engine it's like
lightweight virtual machine system and
it became very popular around like 2014
because it makes it very easy to run to
sort of run can containerized
applications but then what we started to
discover was that as people were using
it they really want to use it on
multiple machines and not just in
machines operating independently they
actually wanted to cluster these
machines together and share data and
have private network interfaces between
them and you know really treat them as a
single sort of like unit of compute and
so what we worked on were a couple of
different solutions to how do you
cluster a set of docker notes together
one of them was a product that I built
and launched with a really great
engineering team at docker called docker
swarm and this is a sub functionality
that we just built into the docker
engine so that you could just cluster
docker different docker hosts you know
the different Linux boxes running docker
you cluster them together very easily
and we did a lot around sort of make it
secure out of the box like really strong
security easy to use good good
overlay networking which is kind of
makes it look
like all all the machines are on the
same sort of the VPN so so we built that
and then we also did I also worked a lot
on our kubernetes strategy because a lot
of our users wanted to use kubernetes to
cluster their or their doctor engines
together so those are sort of the two
main things I work on a docker and it
was a great experience you know I
started there in 2018 it was a really
small company it was like you know kind
of I don't want to say chaotic because
that has a negative connotation but you
know is like typical kind of startup
like a million things going on and I try
to help them to bring some order to that
and and help us execute on the things
that like really mattered and that's
actually kind of what I'm hoping to do
unlit p2p I'll talk more about that in a
minute but yet that's basically my
recent background I mean big picture
I've been writing software and managing
software teams since I was in my early
20s actually but since I was 19 actually
I've started companies I've done I've
started a couple companies one was a
wait way way back in the early 2000s and
then another one was a contract software
development shop that I ran for a while
and so I have you know a lot of
experience in engineering management
product management obviously everyone a
huge amount of code I love low-level
stuff I love getting into the Linux
kernel I actually really love the the
Windows kernel too which is weird but
I'm being honest here I think it's very
well designed it's a it's kind of they
took a lot of the best ideas from VMs
which is a really ancient operating
system and you can even today you can
still see those reflected in the design
of the Windows kernel but yeah so so
that's me I'm a product manager but I'm
really technically you know engineering
focused kind of guy I love to get
actually get into the code and so that's
you know that's sort of what I'm that's
kind of what I'm about is that a helpful
introduction
you know that's crazy how about you tell
us a little bit about what you're gonna
be doing with what PPE
okay yeah so um let me see if I can
share my screen if so just I'll preface
it like this um right now live p2p is
basically an upstream for for ipfs like
it's primarily that that's how we we
it's not really its own project it's
sort of like when we need to do
something in ipfs we and and it touches
lit p2p then people open PRS against one
of the live p2p repost well what I want
to do is turn lib p2p into a real first
class project and I to me that means a
couple of things it would probably have
its own team uh you know both people who
are working on it part-time and probably
also some some full-time engineers who
would only work on the p2p it should
also have its own goals and it should
have some kind of organizational
structure um you know just in terms of
like do you know should we do a weekly
IRC sync or weekly meeting you know
should we you know have a set of shared
goals that that are kind of developed
with PL in the community about you know
what what is the roadmap for the project
book like so basically just turn into it
is really its own independent
open-source project and with that said I
would like to share with you uh almost a
second I gotta find the right women know
to share uh okay I would like to share
okay hopefully
now uh you can see a Google spreadsheet
just give me a thumbs up if you're
seeing it yeah okay great okay so um
what I try to do as a starting point is
calm up with some okrs
uh that I want to propose to this group
and then I'm gonna ask for your feedback
but basically I think there's four main
goals on lid p2p the first one is
turning it into a dedicated creating a
dedicated working group and this is what
I'm saying about turning into a
first-class project like um you know we
we set up like a real working group with
an unknown group of people who want to
be members of that working group and
then I have some other ideas about and
this I'm going to ask for feedback on
this in a moment but you know I have
some other ideas about how we should
kind of structure things in terms of
should we do like wit some kind of
weekly call um should we have some kind
of what I'm thinking is some kind of
meta repo that would track issues across
all of the different implement language
implementations Olympia piece of some
sort of master place or we can go and
see everything that's that's a github
issue in any of the repos and you know
have a roadmap document so it's just
stuff like that so the first best the
first of all setting up working group
the second goal is about gathering more
information about user needs so we have
a variety of people other than ipfs who
are using the PP now they're folks like
live peer aetherium parody and then I
suspect there are others I haven't
discovered yet so this number two is
kind of this what I would call the
product management goal like basically
just go out and talk to people who want
to use limb p2p get get some information
from them and like about what their
needs are or if they're if they're
trying and failing to use it in their
project figure out why they're failing
and what do we need to do to to fix it
the third main goal the one that's
labeled three
basically that's about promoting lib p2p
so I have this theory yeah maybe I'm
wrong but I have a theory that there are
a lot of people who want to build
decentralized applications and they're
gonna in the absence of knowledge about
of lib PDP's existence and knowledge of
its quality and so on they're just going
to reinvent the wheel they're just gonna
completely build rebuild their own
peer-to-peer primitives so what I want
to do is kind of promote lib p2p in the
sense of like put out more information
about it you know every every talk that
anyone does about lid p2p that's
publicly posted I think we should a
great those into some like you know like
a like the lid p2p website um have some
good tutorials for developers who just
just want to understand how to use lid
p2p and then the fourth excuse me the
fourth goal is a set of um this is like
the features goal so these are kind of
high priority features for Lib p2p right
now some of these are being tracked in
so like the the Jas ipfs team has a has
a set of goals specifically at the live
p2p layer um from working with Jeremy on
the talking to him about what are the
needs for the go-live p2p implementation
I put a few in here you know he has some
ideas about needing to improve memory
usage improve connectivity so various
places we want to improve but but
generally those are kind of the you know
sort of the bigger picture feature goals
um things that are not some things are
more appropriate as a github issue like
if it's very specific and very clear and
it even if it needs discussion
especially if it needs discussion um but
some things are kind of bigger picture
ideas you know like improve memory usage
that's kind of broad I could have
company encompass multiple you have
issues so that's what I'm trying to do
in the in the number four goal
and yeah so this is kind of the idea I
have about what what the goals of lid
p2p should be maybe I can make this
larger and it all fits
um yeah so okay so that so that's those
are basically my ideas let me pause and
and ask if there there's a couple of
things I want to ask specifically for a
feedback on but let me pause for a
second because I've I've said a lot of
here and I'm curious if anyone has any
reactions
it helps if you stop sharing your screen
you can see if people raise their hands
oh good point
hold on sorry let me get to the
participants view okay
if anyone has any questions or comments
right now raise your hand
you had a thumbs game oh okay alright
okay thank you
um okay so there's a couple things I
wanted to ask like specific feedback
from this group on um uh the first one
is it give me a thumbs up if if you
would you want to be part of a limb p2p
working group like if one existed
tomorrow would you join that okay yeah
all right so we've got okay so Lauren's
turn it Jeremy Brennen okay V so I
thought I saw something yeah okay okay
all right I did yeah okay cool okay so
that's kind of what I expected that's
good
the second thing I wanted to ask is what
how do people feel about doing a like a
some kind of a weekly um I don't want to
call it a meeting because everybody
hates meetings but what I'm thinking is
either a weekly sync on IRC or we could
do a weekly call like this if people
prefer this kind of format I don't know
what folks participate in that or what
what are your thoughts on that
yes so I got a couple thumbs up I there
just a quick question yes we'll just
start with bi-weekly yeah I think that
would be a good idea yeah I hate I hate
recurring meetings but yeah I I'd like
to do that I'd like to start with
bi-weekly and the other thing I'd like
to do is kind of solicit topics in
advance and if we have a week where
there's there just no topics then just
cancel it um yeah okay so I think that's
that's a good suggestion I had I'm
really no I would like to do a second
Brendan invite weekly goes you know like
the way things are moving and little
people I mean they're big chunks of work
that need to happen and you know like I
don't know how to like tightly mounting
it with a weekly meeting it's gonna help
probably better start quickly and would
you I'm just curious would you prefer to
be uh something that we do on IRC or
something that we do on zoom' I
personally would prefer zoom because you
know like it's it's nice to get you know
a face-to-face interaction can make it a
half-hour you know like it's not a
meeting per se it's like one of the sync
call yeah that's what I'm thinking okay
any other perspectives on yeah I'd like
to have ever just like play what they're
working on and what thing that something
it's hard to get there to see from the
outside okay so kind of a
kind of like a stand-up like everybody
said yeah and then you can break off if
necessary okay I'm pausing because I'm
taking notes so one side
is there anyone who would really prefer
to see this as an IRC chat I'm just
curious if there's a if there's
any preference there okay so you is it
Stephen so you'd rather be do it
IRC yeah
okay so we kind of have some votes each
way we'll think about that um definitely
bi-weekly definitely 30 minutes have
everybody say what they're working on
I'll reach out to the specific to the
specific people who raised their hands
when I asked if you'd like to
participate after this call so we can
coordinate and not waste everybody
else's time there's also this well maybe
this is something we'll talk about in
the first meeting I want to set up some
kind of meta repo that or yet it doesn't
even have maybe repos not the right word
I want to set up some kind of location
the tracks across all of the different
lit p2p implemented because there's
multiple implementations and then many
of them like the NGO and Jas have
multiple repos and there's like issues
in those repos so we have a lot of
information and there's issues in the
main ipfs repo so we have a lot of limb
p2p related issues spread across a large
number of places and I want to try to
aggregate those somewhere um I've heard
some votes for waffle I've heard some
votes for Zen hub
I'm personally kind of tool agnostic but
I'd like to get something like that set
up I think would just be helpful to have
a global view of the project yeah okay
um but I think that the specific details
of how we do that is something I think
we could discuss in the first the first
sink chat so I don't know that we need
to figure it out right now
um the last thing is and and again I
might I'm thinking it might be better to
push this to the sink chat with just the
people who are interested but I'd like
some feedback on what I put there and
number four as some of those future
goals like is that really capturing the
most important things is it like is it
missing things is it including things
that aren't that important like I think
we should try to have some priorities
debates and you know you you know use
that to reach agreement about what what
are the best priority what you know what
what needs to be prioritized ahead of
what so um but yeah but I think I'm
feeling like this maybe isn't the right
call to do that so difficult question um
could you paste the link to that
spreadsheet into that oh yes I'm
planning to put this in the public okay
R's document of PL um but yeah right now
it's just a private spreadsheet but let
me I will I will share yeah let me let
me make it on private and I'll share it
with baby thank you yeah
cool does anyone else have questions to
Mike before we move on
a ton but for later exact company yeah I
just wanted to say in regards to the
fragmentation of all the issues spread
across multiple repos and stuff like
that I think you know getting an
aggregate like that is important and
displaying that to people so they can
they can see basically the issues
broadly but also in the meantime while
you guys are setting that up and things
like that I think it would be important
to try to focus that and direct people
towards a repository where you'd rather
see issues come up just to try to
mitigate that a little bit so that
people don't keep posting on the wrong
repositories that's all I got okay yeah
yeah no I I see what you mean yeah
it's tough because there's different
types of issues like some issues are
kind of big picture like the you know
design proposal but some issues are like
very specific to to to a particular repo
so there is a case for putting issues in
in in a repo and yeah yeah but but I
hear you I think it's a good point I'm
gonna try to set up some kind of master
repo where we can have cross-cutting Lib
p2p discussions and like discuss like
Interop and you know stuff like that so
thank you very cool any other questions
alright then we're gonna move on and
it's back to math again about ipfs
summit okay more yeah more excitement so
some of you already know about this we
are now ready to announce that in early
July we will be hosting a live Peter
Peter sorry an ipfs summit which will be
three days followed by a live peter
peace summit which will be one day and
these will be in berlin probably in the
second week of July the goal of these so
Matt oh yeah you are sounding a bit like
a robot it's not just for me or for
everyone
could I be placed with people from
I don't know what's wrong with my
connection I have yeah maybe tribal yep
oh and it will maybe work a bit better
try way you cut out it seems like math
disappeared complete you know and and
I'm the one yeah or try turning off the
video and the audio might be better that
works ok let's see if that helps
so can you guys hear me clearly now ok
so we're happy to announce that that in
early July and the second a me for the
second week of July will be hosting an
IPF s summit which will be three days
followed by a live p2p summit which will
be one day I were aiming for these as I
said the second week of July in Berlin
and these are meant to be focused
working meetings where all of the
attendees are active contributors to IPO
ipfs or people who are very actively
building stuff on ipfs so it's it's a
working meeting with a high amount of
context required for the participants
and that will be a precursor to ipfs
comp which we're aiming to do in
November in Lisbon that will be a larger
open enrollment event where anyone can
participate and it will be exciting a
big yeah what more to come on IP pest
hunt in the future but for this
announcement right now I'm really
focused on ipfs summit and the Lib Peter
peace summit the main thing to know
about the summit is that it's invitation
only so you have to ask to be invited
because we are requiring you have to you
have to be actively involved in order to
attend you have to be actively
contributing or either either
contributing code directly to the code
bases or contributing in the form of
using this this using the software
really proactively and contributing in
the conversations that are steering our
strategy and our decisions about how to
how to navigate the future for these
these projects so what we will be doing
with like one rule of thumb for right
now if you aren't on if you're reflected
on any of the okay are spreadsheets
you're going to be welcome at this
summit so for that's the majority of the
people who are in these balls have have
asked at least 1k are somewhere on those
sheets but for everyone else we're going
to be creating on will have a rubric for
like the people who are automatically
included so for example if you're
contributing code to the code base
you're automatically welcome but we're
also going to create a public IP FS
users registry that will let people
register their themselves and their
projects as users of ipfs and tell the
world about your project but we will
also use that as part of the rubric for
deciding who's who is able to attend the
summit so I'll be shipping a first
version of that I over the next week of
the the sign up form yet for the ipfs
summit
plus a sign-up form for the IP so sign
up form for the user registry and a sign
up poem for the ipfs summit and yeah are
there any questions
[Music]
I don't see anything hands up I see some
thumbs out and this will be our first
time having a critical and having a
majority oh these are did you have a
question do we actually get to do
anything for this what do you mean by
that right I mean what's the action
items for participants on this so so
it's going to be like a working meeting
so in the lead up the main thing that
europa doing is proposing sessions which
will will solicit proposals over the
coming weeks for people proposing
sessions that they want how to have or
presentations that they want to have in
the first day people are going to give
lightning talks about the projects that
they've been about the various projects
that they've been working on so those
would be like rapid-fire updates on all
the different projects so if you've been
working on specific projects you'll be
giving a lightning talk but then it's
also the all these working groups will
be meeting and they will be having
face-to-face meetings where they're
planning the next three to six to twelve
months of their work and so the main
preparation that you can do there is
getting involved in the working groups
and getting involved in the planning so
that you you have as much planning done
in advance asynchronously before you
arrive so you can make the most of the
time when you're face to face um so
that's yeah so they answer your question
it's if you've been doing work that
should be giving an update be like
prepare to give a lightning talk if
there's sessions you want us to have at
the meeting be what you should propose
their sessions when we float requests
for proposals for sessions which you
might end up running if you proposed it
and then also be prepared to be doing
working meetings with the working groups
so get involved with the working groups
the other thing to flag is that the lib
p2p someone's gonna be a lot smaller
than the ipfs one so where there are a
lot of people who totally belong at an
IP FS working summit who just aren't
actively involved in the p2p and so we
will narrow down the the group so that
further for the lib p2p meeting so that
that meeting can stay focused and not
not have a lot of people who are kind of
interested and they care but aren't
actively involved in the implementation
decisions and if that's all then that
was the announcement of people we're
really excited to be doing this this
will be the first time of having a
majority of ipfs contributors and users
a majority of contributors and a
critical mass of contributors all
physically in the same place together
the closest we've gotten to that so far
was 2016 we had a workshop in Lisbon but
that was actually sort of it was
actually a pretty small subset of the
ipfs users out there even then so this
is really exciting to get everyone
together
that's my announcement all right thank
you much done the next point on our
agenda is Robert last comments I'll just
make this hopefully quick so there are
two issues in the Docs repo that had
been sort of stewing for a little while
and I just want to make sure people here
were aware of them sort of last call so
one of the things from the earlier
research I did for documentation that
came out of it was this big spreadsheet
of all the repos and how there's a lot
of confusion both around how a given
repo is meant to be used but also
whether it's actually active or
deprecated or what and so those two
issues are around finding a standardized
way to make it really clearly
communicated both of those things to
make it really clear that a repo is is
dead and you should go find information
about that stuff
where else or understand that that tool
or library is no longer supported no
longer actively used so it's mostly
right now focused on things are like
naming and what we need to make sure a
labels on and that kind of stuff if you
have comments please make them I'm
hoping to sort of make this a last call
for comments and we'll make a decision
on Wednesday so that we can actually
start to impact that across all the
repos which is a big job because there
are a lot of repos and then the other
one I mentioned in there is that there's
a PR for kind of a standardized
licensing policy because in a similar
sense there's a lot of different ways
that all the various repos are licensed
and a for sanity's sake it should be a
little bit more standardized but
especially for people who are making use
of them it should be standardized and
clear things that are ipfs relations to
a certain way so there's a PR please
check that out if you have strong
thoughts or want to give input on
licensing because we'd like to get that
you know squared away as soon as
possible too
and that's it boom do we have any
questions all right
Oh questions let's move on we Jeremy is
talking about going PMS wait I am oh
yeah we have a release candidate out for
a 4:15 not rc1 go try it
um probably it's looking pretty clean so
far there's not too much to do here
probably just going to shift that in a
couple days officially and then move on
to oh six oh four sixteen which is going
to be pretty big release because we're
gonna be trying to get some pretty
significant limpy tupiri factors in or
rather I should say Steven is going to
be trying to get some really important
lupita period factors in it's gonna be
great beyond
we have a bunch of other updates that
have been waiting to go through for a
while some stuff in the go data store
package that's gonna make cluster more
performant and some other fun stuff that
just generally makes things nicer
anything specific Steven you wanted to
bring up
cool
Oh do we have any questions
oh yeah as a Dominic says better Windows
support 415 is gonna have slightly
better Windows support actually pretty
decently better Windows support and then
oh four sixteen is gonna have a few
other pretty good things fixed
great work I like better way to support
we didn't want all over South yes
we won't the IP that's won't puke and
create all sorts of random files filled
the Chinese letters in your root
directory it'll be great finally finally
okay moving on we are we so talking
about the DHCP
guys so basically over the last few
months we have been noticing dairy
rating performance on the DHD and like
recently things have started reaching
some critical mass getting issues about
knowing dismal performance when I Bienes
and it's the queries and we've been
investigating the problem and it is
finally crystallized that it seems to be
that the root cause of the problem is
that we can't really we don't put enough
values on the DHD so that all the
resolutions for IB NS which are trying
to resolve to collect at least 16 nodes
16 values before making a determination
for the best record for timing out so
that was the tipping point that led down
a rabbit hole and after some you know
like work with Jeremy over the weekend
so we've finally found the smoking gun
so we're at a crawler and it seems that
61% of our PhDs and vegetable and drink
she have lots of dial data and we're
still working the crawler to collect
poor data but the thing is that this
imagery Israel would be pushing forward
for integrated relays into or network
infrastructure so that's the heads up
that I want to bring up so the people
are aware that we have this really big
issue and if you share ideas on how to
approach it and want to contribute just
speak out a big question in the notes it
says 60% dark net when you say dark menu
you actually just mean stuff that we
can't read it's just pretty encrypted or
probably encrypted no no it means these
are nodes we cannot dial so these are
regular dates the nodes which are
reported by other days you know to
connect to that and we cannot tell them
so they're unreachable so there are
active in the DHT and you know like your
notes that are connected to them are
posting values to them but anybody else
who is doing a resolution
cannot actually reach them who is this a
sign of of possibly private networks
leaking
not at all it's very it's just not there
were suffering from severe enough
problems I think gonna have a question
at one and then Dominic yeah I just
walked me through this it's waiting for
a 16 notes to reply and basically at
times out
it shouldn't you know be able to like
just validate the signature of the
record and as being valid right so it's
a little more complicated by that so
first of all two can be multiple records
on the Dec in different places and there
could be records published by multiple
entities that possess the same the same
key so what we want to do is that we
want to be able to retrieve the best
record which is the latest record that
it's been published and on the same time
we want to defend against the clips
attacked so basically you could have it
all just republishing the old records
all over the place and censoring and now
we're trying to publish new information
so that's an actual security issue as
well so the 16 is a security parameter
that well it seemed like a good value
right and we're publishing we're pushing
220 doubts let's rate from 16 that's 80%
quorum that's pretty pretty hard to fake
but turns out that if you cannot connect
to 60% of those you're not going to get
this quorum and simply going to timeout
everywhere and have abysmal slow IP NS
as a result dominate so we
a little bit on actually sorry my mic
was being weird we talked on IRC about
possibly where this is coming from where
all these these addresses are actually
located it was speculated that maybe
with the support of tar the tar releases
that we have users in China where were
getting into the network so I was
wondering if you did any investigation
as to the region where these bad
addresses are coming from again this so
this was a fair hypothesis I was
formulating because we had seen some
increase in issues from Chinese users so
the browser signs early signs for
adoption there but I haven't confirmed
this hypothesis I haven't done a full
analysis but I mean all the notion of
singer either ripe or so there they're
not genomic a big note okay do we have
any more questions all right thank you
so much listen let's hopefully it
affects next point is not talking about
RFP it is not just an announcement these
two RFC's has been hanging out there for
a long time I am taking a new approach
to getting them merged because the core
working group is really busy
let's get sign out from at least three
of the working group captains as a
signal that is ready for like a final
review in a March so if you are a
working group captain please read both
of those RFC's and comment the first one
seems pretty much ready to merge the
second one definitely read it and give
comments we we come it's passable but we
can probably make it better the one key
thing to pay attention to is that it's
making this distinction between teams
and working groups and so pay attention
to that team's being a focused team of
three to ten people that's trying to be
a small focus team that has people
focusing full-time on building a product
or a service versus working groups
who exists as a like they provide
supports multiple teams or provide a way
from multiple teams to coordinate with
each other and so this is different from
the way we've used the word the term
working group up until now it allows us
to create some healthy nudges towards
don't be a team of one person try to be
a team of three or more so you're not
alone and then also making a distinction
between those teams we're building
things versus working groups which are a
forum for conversation and a way for new
community members on board onto the
community and participate in
conversations without necessarily having
the opportunity to jump in on a specific
team right away so so yeah please read
those please come in and I'm gonna try
to get merge because for the ipfs summit
we want to be able to have those working
groups meet so we need to have the
protocol hammered out of how those
working groups officially form and
manage themselves so please chime in and
look at that one and we'll try to get
emergent if you're working group captain
please give it a +1 um if you think it's
fine and okay to arrange oh that's a
moment announcement if there's no
questions any questions before we move
on nope cool all right then we have our
last agenda points which is from David
contributing hi tonight hello can
everyone hear me well cool so one of the
things that we've these last week was
actually creating a protocol to a fleet
meant a nurse for the GP fest module
microsystem like people have been
reporting like we're having trouble just
like getting things merged
editing is reviewed because after all
there was a huge one like me to review
everything and to release all the
dependencies and although well I just
try to everyone's on time like the
realities I just cannot and there's a
lot of people excited too
tribute with that time and attention in
rigor to make sure that the packages are
always up-to-date and released and
merged and evolves always little edit
features and so with that we we first
like created an issue like I posted both
links area for the issues just like
raising the problem just like saying
that we are going to move forward this
and then we updated the GS codes
contributing guidelines it has some
other changes physically a cleanup of
the previous guidelines and includes
this new protocol which essentially we
encourage and like we enable people to
become a lead maintainer of a module and
a little antenna as a set of
responsibilities like you can check them
on the documents and typically there's I
kind of like a handoff ritual where like
there's just like a conversation from
the previous entertainer or the tech
lead of the project to the new leave
them tater but again they go all
continues to be empowering and
encouraging more people to like take
ownership over certain parts of the
project and just I also recognize
because a lot of people were already
doing at work so it's better just like
to have a way to give the positions to
give the publish access to do to give
that authority
github fortunately helped us a lot
because there's a lot of new tools on
get up bridge protection there's a
screen shot on that issue as well that
shows which settings we are using one
that's pretty cool is like you can
actually ask for people to sign commits
on gonna be tough like you don't have to
like bring extra cooling to ask for the
future and so as we go through all these
packages which are a lot and like as we
add the wind maintainer Rimi we are also
setting like the write permission giving
the write publish access like and yeah
like this reading the ownership so
people like seem to be very excited like
there was a lot of positive feedback on
the PR itself if people have comments
now questions comes up it's also welcome
so yeah
any hands google is somewhat in depth
thinks that's it that's it that's what I
want and cool he never any any questions
alright so this was or not agenda point
then which one time demo that has been
pre-recorded from Alan about IP le
explorers CLI tools so there is a there
is a YouTube video you can check out or
how the tour is working there is a link
to the github repo and probably if you
try out the tool you will have lots of
ideas what it should do what I shouldn't
do and then you can go to github issues
and write your thoughts there otherwise
do we have any other questions that
people have been sitting on last week or
so I have about 10 minutes left of the
meeting in general so if you come up
with something pick up now or hold your
tongue forever for a little bit
therefore what we did never being what
week on that note we actually don't have
ten more minutes
like want the issue to reduce the
meeting time from 60 to 30 since we kind
of like still on at 1:00 I just went
ahead and reduce it to 45 so we are now
two minutes above the meeting like if
you check the calendar it was updated as
well at school register be better
all right and so the last agenda point
in our meeting would be that now the
all-hands is just 45 minutes and not one
or another
okay cool all right then I think we're
done
so thank you everyone for your time take
care and see you next week thanks
everyone